Add KKP Autoscaler (#741)
kubermatic/docs: content/kubermatic/master/tutorials_howtos/KKP_autoscaler/_index.en.md

test-cluster-worker-v5drmq 3h56m            2             2           aws    ubuntu 1.19.9 
test-cluster-worker-pndqd  3h59m            1             1           aws    ubuntu 1.19.9
```

**Step 2**

The annotation command will be used with one of the MachineDeployments above to annotate the desired MachineDeployments.  In this case, the  `test-cluster-worker-v5drmq` will be annotated, and the minimum and maximum will be set.

### Minimum annotation:

```bash
kubectl annotate machinedeployment -n kube-system test-worker-6wjcx cluster.k8s.io/cluster-api-autoscaler-node-group-min-size="1"

machinedeployment.cluster.k8s.io/test-cluster-worker-v5drmq annotated
```

### Maximum annotation:

```bash
kubectl annotate machinedeployment -n kube-system test-cluster-worker-v5drmq cluster.k8s.io/cluster-api-autoscaler-node-group-max-size="5"

machinedeployment.cluster.k8s.io/test-cluster-worker-v5drmq annotated
```

 
**Step 3**

Check the MachineDeployment description

```bash
$ kubectl describe machinedeployments -n kube-system test-cluster-worker-v5drmq

Name:         test-cluster-worker-v5drmq

Namespace:    kube-system

> Labels:       &lt;none>

Author: This is just a description output

> Labels:       &lt;none>

Reviewer: But isn't it rendered incorrectly in the resulting documentation, if it is html-escaped within a Markdown code-snippet?

> Labels:       &lt;none>

Author: I will change it to none till when next I am working in this area. I will double-check and modify if the need be.

Annotations:  cluster.k8s.io/cluster-api-autoscaler-node-group-max-size: 5

              cluster.k8s.io/cluster-api-autoscaler-node-group-min-size: 1

              machinedeployment.clusters.k8s.io/revision: 1

API Version:  cluster.k8s.io/v1alpha1

Kind:         MachineDeployment

Metadata:

  Creation Timestamp:  2021-07-23T11:05:11Z

  Finalizers:

    foregroundDeletion

>   Generate Name:  test-cluster-worker-v5drmq-

Reviewer: Question: Is the trailing dash correct?

Author: modified

  Generation:     1

  Managed Fields:

    API Version:  cluster.k8s.io/v1alpha1

    Fields Type:  FieldsV1

    fieldsV1:

      F:metadata:
……………………	  

```

The description details showed that the MachineDeployment had been annotated with a minimum of 1 and a maximum of 5. Therefore, the Autoscaler will consider only the annotated MachineDeployment on the Cluster.  

    

> **Step 4**

Reviewer: Does it make sense to put Editing and Deleting the Autoscaler as Steps within `## Annotating MachineDeployments for Autoscaling`? I would not consider these necessary steps to set up Autoscaling.

Maybe Editing and Deleting the Autoscaling can be put into a dedicated Section like `## Editing and Removing Autoscaling`?

Edit Autoscaler 

Click on the three dots in front of the Cluster Autoscaler in the Addons section of the Cluster dashboard and select edit.

![Edit Autoscaler](/img/kubermatic/master/tutorials/edit_autoscaler.png?classes=shadow,border "Edit Autoscaler")

**Step 5**

Delete Autoscaler

You can delete Autoscaler from where you edit it above and select delete.

![Delete Autoscaler](/img/kubermatic/master/tutorials/delete_autoscaler.png?classes=shadow,border "Delete Autoscaler")

 Once it has been deleted, you can check the Cluster to ensure that the Autoscaler has been deleted using `kubectl get pods -n kube-system command.`

## Summary:

> That is it! You have successfully deployed a Kubernetes Autoscaler on KKP Cluster and annotates the desire MachineDloyment, which Autoscaler should consider. Please check the learn more below for more resources on Kubernetes Autoscaler and how to provision a KKP Cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is it! You have successfully deployed a Kubernetes Autoscaler on a KKP Cluster and annotated the desired MachineDeployment, which Autoscaler should consider. Please check the learn more below for more resources on Kubernetes Autoscaler and how to provision a KKP Cluster. 
```
